Update docs for helm and security monitoring (#7576)
nginx/kubernetes-ingress: site/content/releases.md

- [7295](https://github.com/nginx/kubernetes-ingress/pull/7295) Clean up and fix for NIC Pod failing to bind when NGINX exits unexpectedly

### <i class="fa-solid fa-box"></i> Helm Chart

> {{< note >}}
> From this release onwards Helm chart location has changed from oci://ghcr.io/nginxinc/charts/nginx-ingress to oci://ghcr.io/nginx/charts/nginx-ingress.
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< warning >}} From this release onwards, the Helm chart location has changed from `oci://ghcr.io/nginxinc/charts/nginx-ingress` to `oci://ghcr.io/nginx/charts/nginx-ingress`. {{< /warning >}}
```
